Project Details for the data wrangling for the Data Analytics Nanodegree
Tasks in this project are as follows:

Data wrangling, which consists of:
Gathering data (downloadable file in the Resources tab in the left most panel of your classroom and linked in step 1 below).
Assessing data
Cleaning data
Storing, analyzing, and visualizing your wrangled data
Reporting on 1) your data wrangling efforts and 2) your data analyses and visualizations

Assessing Data for this Project
After gathering each of the above pieces of data, assess them visually and programmatically for quality and tidiness issues. Detect and document at least eight (8) quality issues and two (2) tidiness issues in your wrangle_act.ipynb Jupyter Notebook. To meet specifications, the issues that satisfy the Project Motivation (see the Key Points header on the previous page) must be assessed.

Cleaning Data for this Project
Clean each of the issues you documented while assessing. Perform this cleaning in wrangle_act.ipynb as well. The result should be a high quality and tidy master pandas DataFrame (or DataFrames, if appropriate). Again, the issues that satisfy the Project Motivation must be cleaned.

Storing, Analyzing, and Visualizing Data for this Project
Store the clean DataFrame(s) in a CSV file with the main one named twitter_archive_master.csv. If additional files exist because multiple tables are required for tidiness, name these files appropriately. Additionally, you may store the cleaned data in a SQLite database (which is to be submitted as well if you do).

Analyze and visualize your wrangled data in your wrangle_act.ipynb Jupyter Notebook. At least three (3) insights and one (1) visualization must be produced.

Reporting for this Project
Create a 300-600 word written report called wrangle_report.pdf or wrangle_report.html that briefly describes your wrangling efforts. This is to be framed as an internal document.

Create a 250-word-minimum written report called act_report.pdf or act_report.html that communicates the insights and displays the visualization(s) produced from your wrangled data. This is to be framed as an external document, like a blog post or magazine article, for example.
